(WINCHESTER, VA) - Traffic on the information superhighway can accelerate
to warp speed by using rapid RIPscrip-3 Internet multimedia technology
from TeleGrafix Communications Inc.

Over three years in the making, RIPscrip-3 (Remote Imaging Protocol
scripting language) promises to energize the Internet industry by busting
the bandwidth bottleneck that turns the World Wide Web into the World Wide
Wait.
 
RIPscrip-3 multimedia technology is specifically designed for use with the
Internet and it provides high-performance with any computer system. 
RIPscrip-3 allows anyone to create, transmit and display high-quality
graphics, photos and audio clips rapidly over normal telephone lines,
cellular phones, the World Wide Web, Telnet, BBS or any other data
communications link.

RIPscrip uses advanced mathmatics to encode images as compact text files
that are sent quickly over any communications connection. Since RIPscrip
files are text-based and extremely bandwidth-efficient, complex images can
be transmitted and displayed quickly without bogging down phone lines. 
This makes RIPscrip perfectly suited for the Internet, BBS systems and
corporate intranets. 

RIPscrip-3 goes well beyond anything seen before on the Internet.  With
television-style special effects, speedy JPEG images, digitized sound,
24-bit color, and a high-tech font system, RIPscrip-3 provides a dazzling
online multimedia experience.  

The first generation of RIPscrip, introduced in 1992, was a worldwide hit
with DOS users and the BBS industry.  Now TeleGrafix is providing its
award-winning technology to Microsoft Windows users of the Internet.  

RIPtel Visual Telnet software brings graphical communications to the world
of Telnet, allowing thousands of government databases and corporate legacy
computing systems to become as visually exciting and easy to use as the
World Wide Web.

Internet users no longer need contend with frustrating "command-line" text
interfaces or arcane commands in order to navigate Telnet sites.  With
RIPtel Visual Telnet, companies and organizations can turn their online
systems into totally "point-and-click" graphical services much like Web --
and they can save enormous amounts of money by eliminating the conversion
of information in legacy systems to Web formats.  All that is needed is
RIPscrip-3 technology from TeleGrafix!

And TeleGrafix is moving to energize the Web!   New browser plug-ins for
Netscape and Microsoft Internet Explorer let Windows 95 and NT users enjoy
the efficient, high-quality graphics of tomorrow, without the painfully
slow download speeds of the Web today.  RIPscrip-3 images can be directly
embedded in Web pages as a speedy substitute for bulky GIF images.  

For more information about these exciting products, please visit
TeleGrafix's Web site at www.telegrafix.com, or visit our Telnet site at 
telnet.telegrafix.com.

--- END ---
